oop-static_modifier-medium-q4 (#695)
canvas-gamification/canvas-gamification-junit-tests: src/oop/static_modifier/medium/q4/QuestionText.md

# oop-static_modifier-medium-q4

- Question Type: Java

## Question Text

You want to make a program for the chemistry labs in a school that are making an experiment with household liquids.

> Lots of different household items can make fun chemistry experiments. Make a Java program called **ChemistryLab**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lots of different household items can make fun chemistry experiments. Make a Java program called **ChemistryLab**  with the requirements below:
```

### ChemistryLab Class

Your `ChemistryLab` class already the following items:

- Attributes:
    - Two static `double` attributes called **liquid1** and **liquid2**, with initial value of 10.5 each, which store
      the amount of these two liquids.
    - Two static `int` attributes called **MIX_1** and **MIX_2**, with initial values of 0 and 1, that cannot be changed
      later (using the final modifier). These are the numbers representing **liquid1** and **liquid2** attributes in the guide array.
    - An array of type `double` that will be different for each chemistry lab due to the different temperatures and
      air pressure.
    - Note that all attributes in this class should be private

- Constructors:
    - A constructor that accepts an array of type `double` as a parameter to initialize the **guide** attribute.
    - This constructor is accessible from other classes.

You need to add the following items:

- Methods:
    - A `mixFun` method which returns nothing and should be visible from another class. It should check if there is
      enough liquid left to make a reaction by finding the minimum amount need in the **guide** using the indexes **MIX_1** and

>       **MIX_2**. If there is not enough liquid to make a reaction it should print

Reviewer: Please specify that Mix1 and Mix2 correspond to liquid1 and liquid2.

### ChemistryLab Class

Your `ChemistryLab` class already the following items:

- Attributes:
    - Two static `double` attributes called **liquid1** and **liquid2**, with initial value of 10.5 each, which store
      the amount of these two liquids.
    - Two static `int` attributes called **MIX_1** and **MIX_2**, with initial values of 0 and 1, that cannot be changed
      later (using the final modifier). These are the numbers representing **liquid1** and **liquid2** attributes in the guide array.
    - An array of type `double` that will be different for each chemistry lab due to the different temperatures and
      air pressure.
    - Note that all attributes in this class should be private

- Constructors:
    - A constructor that accepts an array of type `double` as a parameter to initialize the **guide** attribute.
    - This constructor is accessible from other classes.

You need to add the following items:

- Methods:
    - A `mixFun` method which returns nothing and should be visible from another class. It should check if there is

>       enough liquid left to make a reaction by finding the minimum amount need in the **guide** using the indexes **MIX_1** and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      enough liquid left to make a reaction by finding the minimum amount needed in the **guide** using the indexes **MIX_1** and
```

      **MIX_2**. If there is not enough liquid to make a reaction it should print
      `There's not enough ingredients to create the mixture`. If there is enough it should print `Mixing …`  and then

>       decrease the amount of **liquid1** and **liquid2** by the minimum amount needed and then print `Mixing Successful`.

Reviewer: You should indicate if these should be on seperate lines or not.

# oop-static_modifier-medium-q4

- Question Type: Java

## Question Text

You want to make a program for the chemistry labs in a school that are making an experiment with household liquids.
Lots of different household items can make fun chemistry experiments. Make a Java program called **ChemistryLab** that
has two liquids from household items and a guide that says how much of which type of liquid is needed to make a
reaction. Note that all the labs in the school use the same source to get the liquid for their experiment, but they may
have different guides for the experiment.

### ChemistryLab Class

Your `ChemistryLab` class already the following items:

- Attributes:
    - Two static `double` attributes called **liquid1** and **liquid2**, with initial value of 10.5 each, which store
      the amount of these two liquids.
    - Two static `int` attributes called **MIX_1** and **MIX_2**, with initial values of 0 and 1, that cannot be changed

>       later (be final). These are the numbers representing **liquid1** and **liquid2** attributes in the guide array.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      later (using the final modifier). These are the numbers representing **liquid1** and **liquid2** attributes in the guide array.
```

>     - An array of `double` attributes that are different for each chemistry lab due to the different temperature and

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - An array of type `double` that will be different for each chemistry lab due to the different temperatures and
```

      air pressure.
    - Note that all attributes in this class should be private

- Constructors:

>     - A constructor that accepts an array of `double` as a parameter to initialize the **guide** attribute.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - A constructor that accepts an array of type `double` as a parameter to initialize the **guide** attribute.
```

    - This constructor is accessible from other classes.

> You need to add the following items.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You need to add the following items:
```

- Methods:
    - A `mixFun` method which returns nothing and should be visible from another class. It should check if there is

>       enough liquid left to make a reaction by finding the minimum amount need in the **guide** using **MIX_1** and

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      enough liquid left to make a reaction by finding the minimum amount need in the **guide** using the indexes **MIX_1** and
```

      **MIX_2**. If there is not enough liquid to make a reaction it should print

>       `There's not enough ingredients to create mixture`. If there is enough it should print `Mixing …`  and then

Reviewer 2: makes more sense grammatically to be "create the mixture"

      decrease the amount of **liquid1** and **liquid2** by the minimum amount

>       needed and then print `Mixing Successful`.

Reviewer 2: fix line break formatting here
